tools/sandbox: update with new features, variants, and tests (#3566)
thought-machine/please: tools/sandbox/README.md

  `/tmp`. If it is set, `$TMP_DIR` is bind mounted onto `/tmp/plz_sandbox`, which becomes the
  working directory, and the root filesystem is remounted read-only;
- if `SANDBOX_DIRS` is set, we expect a comma-separated list of path that will be hidden with a
  tmpfs;
- if `SANDBOX_FILE_MOUNTS` is set, we expect it to be set to a comma-separated list of key-value
  pairs in the following format: `key:value`. Keys must point to existing paths and will be bind
  mounted to the path given as value;
- if `SANDBOX_UID_MAP` and `SANDBOX_GID_MAP` are set (both are required if either is), we pass
  these arguments to newuidmap/newgidmap to configure uid/gid mappings. The format is 1..n
  space-delimited triples of [id lowerid count], see `man newuidmap`;

Mount and network namespaces can be disabled setting the `SHARE_MOUNT` and `SHARE_NETWORK`
environment variables to `1`. Remounting of `/proc` can be disabled by setting `MOUNT_PROC=0`,
e.g. for systems that don't allow mounting a full `/proc` from a new user namespace (see the
mount namespace notes below).

When the network namespace is used, the loopback interface is brought up with an additional IP

> address. `SANDBOX_LOCAL_IP` defines, defined empty string disables the extra address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the network namespace is used, the loopback interface is brought up with an additional IP
address, which defaults to 10.1.1.1. The `SANDBOX_LOCAL_IP` environment variable can be used
to change this IP, and setting it to the empty string disables the extra address entirely.
```

         1     100000      65536
```

## Capabilities and other requirements

### Namespaces

Historically, creating Mount, PID, IPC, UTS, and Network namespaces required the heavily overloaded
`CAP_SYS_ADMIN` capability on the host system. However, since Linux 3.8, unprivileged processes can
use User Namespaces to obtain local `CAP_SYS_ADMIN` privileges. This allows processes to create
Mount, PID, IPC, UTS, and Network namespaces without needing host-level root or `CAP_SYS_ADMIN`
privileges.

#### Mount namespace

In addition to the above, when enabling the mount namespace, the sandbox will remount /proc, so any
process that use it will have access to accurate information of the PID namespace (otherwise they'd
still have access to /proc from the parent namespace). There's however a specific edge case in the
Linux kernel, that prevents /proc from being remounted in a mount namespace, when the parent /proc
is not fully visible, [see this commit](https://github.com/torvalds/linux/commit/1b852bceb0d1).

This is an issue with most container runtimes (and therefore Kubernetes), as by default, they will
hide some part of /proc in a container to reduce attack surface, eg

> [see this docker PR](https://github.com/docker/cli/pull/1808).

Reviewer 2: I'm a little unclear what the conclusion of this section is? I remember the issue (remember bashing my head against it for a while) but is this something the sandbox works around, is it just a limitation of cases where it doesn't work, or do we intend to try to fix it in the future?

Reviewer 3: The conclusion is that users of the sandbox have two options: Either unmask proc (k8s pod `procMount: Unmasked` securityContext option, which is less of an issue when combined with `hostUsers: false`), or disable the `/proc` isolation, in which case the sandboxed process will be able to see (but not send signals to) processes outside the sandbox. I'll update the README to mention this.
